Readme.md, before:

# Interactive YouTube Trending Visualizer

## Project Summary 
The project will revolve around analyzing what is being fed as content to different countries. This analysis will be about what content and reactions certain topics have from certain countries. We can identify whether Youtube classifies certain topics with certain countries and how that might in turn grow that culture in that country. Our project will allow a user to discern and identify content that is being fed to them and other countries through visualizations and statistics.
We will specifically use Likes, Dislikes, Video Descriptions, Video Descriptions, Tags, Views, and much more to discern public reaction (acceptance and angry pushback). This will make a database that will store information that can figure out what each country is classified as in terms of its subject approval and disapproval. These trends will be our focus.

### Tech Stack -> Javascript/HTML/CSS -> Flask -> Google Cloud Hosted SQL Database

![Analysis](<Images/Screenshot 2023-08-04 at 6.55.26 PM.png>)

![Analysis](<Images/Screenshot 2023-08-04 at 6.55.51 PM.png>)

## Demo Video

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iHtM4BjQDBUfNQrvYbAmkZn9Hg6YVoL8/view?usp=share_link

Commit message:

Update Readme.md to better showcase the features of the project

Readme.md, after:

# Interactive YouTube Trending Visualizer

## Project Goal 
The project will revolve around analyzing what is being fed as content to different countries. This analysis will be about what content and reactions certain topics have from certain countries. We can identify whether Youtube classifies certain topics with certain countries and how that might in turn grow that culture in that country. Our project will allow a user to discern and identify content that is being fed to them and other countries through visualizations and statistics.

Specifically using Likes, Dislikes, Video Descriptions, Video Descriptions, Tags, Views, and much more to discern public reaction (acceptance and angry pushback). This will make a database that will store information that can figure out what each country is classified as in terms of its subject approval and disapproval. These trends will be our focus.

## Structure
We are essentially displaying data like Likes, Views, etc for individual videos, and the number of videos for tags in certain time periods, viewcount progressions over months for certain regions, and viewcounts percentages split by region. A Web UI is provided for CRUD (create, replace, update, delete) on the database.

### Tech Stack -> Javascript/HTML/CSS -> Flask -> Google Cloud Hosted SQL Database

![Analysis](<Images/Screenshot 2023-08-04 at 6.55.26 PM.png>)

![Analysis](<Images/Screenshot 2023-08-04 at 6.55.51 PM.png>)
